README.md, before:

# Aldebaran

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://discord.gg/3x6rXAv">
        <img src="https://discord.com/api/guilds/900096337901649921/widget.png?style=shield" alt="Discord Server">
    </a>     
    <a href="/issues">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/Nightorn/Aldebaran" alt="Issues">
    </a>
    <a href="https://www.codacy.com/app/nightorn/aldebaran?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=Nightorn/Aldebaran&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade"><img src="https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/ea232f66422c49bc934cf1e1e44d28b8"/></a>
</p>

Aldebaran is a Discord multi-purposes bot which offers a lot of assistance regarding DiscordRPG, but which also has a lot of commands of all kinds such as action, image and NSFW commands!

## Commands
Aldebaran currently has 81 commands over 11 categories - check them out by adding Aldebaran to your server now!

[Invite Aldebaran](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client_id=437802197539880970&permissions=0&scope=bot)

## Main server
Join the main server to stay updated about the new updates!

[Discord Server](https://discord.gg/8J8ZH9AjsC)

## Aldebaran Development
### Contribute as a normal user
There are several ways to contribute to Aldebaran, the easiest one is to find bugs and report them with the `&bugreport` command, or file an issue here on GitHub if you want it to be fixed faster, reports with `&bugreport` can be accidentally skipped while it is easier to keep track of issues with GitHub. This works exactly the same if you want to make a suggestion with `&suggestion` or on GitHub. **The more you describe your bug report or suggestion, the faster it will be fixed or implemented (or done as you wanted).**
### Contribute as a developer (Pt. 1: Introduction)
**Read LICENSE (AGPL-3.0) before doing anything on the project.**

If you know JavaScript and more particulary Node.js using the "discord.js" library, you can contribute to Aldebaran with actual code by submitting pull requests on GitHub. **For big features, it is recommended to ask the main developers, more specifically the maintainers.** The most important is to explain your changes, your code will be checked by one member of the Aldebaran team anyways. The more your code and pull requests are documented, the more chances you will have for your changes to get implemented into Aldebaran.
### Contribute as a developer (Pt. 2.1: Default Environment)
**In order to run this project, you need Node.js 12+ and a MySQL database.**
```
$ git clone https://github.com/Nightorn/Aldebaran.git
$ npm install
$ node app
```
If your environment file is valid (`.env` file, take example on the `.env.example` file if needed), your instance of Aldebaran should be online!
### Run Aldebaran with Docker (Pt. 2.2: Docker Environment)
**In order to run this project, you need [Docker](https://www.docker.com).**

Download the `docker-compose.yml` file from the [Aldebaran GitHub repository](https://github.com/Nightorn/Aldebaran), fill the `.env` file by taking example on the `.env.example` file and type `docker-compose up -d` in a command-line interface; Aldebaran should be up and running!
### Contribute as a developer (Pt. 3: Getting help)
If you need help for working on Aldebaran, just go to the main server and go to the channels that have been created for that. You should get help easily by the Aldebaran team or by other external developers of Aldebaran. Remember that no question is stupid, as long as you are sure your problem isn't about pure JavaScript, you should not be worried as we are already very happy you want to contribute to the project!

Commit message:

Better Dockerization (#83)
* rework/docker works again, with multiple platforms too

* rework/docker: docker-compose cleanup and readme

README.md, after:

# Aldebaran

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://discord.gg/3x6rXAv">
        <img src="https://discord.com/api/guilds/900096337901649921/widget.png?style=shield" alt="Discord Server">
    </a>     
    <a href="/issues">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/Nightorn/Aldebaran" alt="Issues">
    </a>
    <a href="https://www.codacy.com/app/nightorn/aldebaran?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=Nightorn/Aldebaran&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade"><img src="https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/ea232f66422c49bc934cf1e1e44d28b8"/></a>
</p>

Aldebaran is a Discord multi-purposes bot which offers a lot of assistance regarding DiscordRPG, but which also has a lot of commands of all kinds such as action, image and NSFW commands!

## Commands
Aldebaran currently has 81 commands over 11 categories - check them out by adding Aldebaran to your server now!

[Invite Aldebaran](https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client_id=437802197539880970&permissions=0&scope=bot)

## Main server
Join the main server to stay updated about the new updates!

[Discord Server](https://discord.gg/8J8ZH9AjsC)

## Aldebaran Development
### Contribute as a normal user
There are several ways to contribute to Aldebaran, the easiest one is to find bugs and report them with the `&bugreport` command, or file an issue here on GitHub if you want it to be fixed faster, reports with `&bugreport` can be accidentally skipped while it is easier to keep track of issues with GitHub. This works exactly the same if you want to make a suggestion with `&suggestion` or on GitHub. **The more you describe your bug report or suggestion, the faster it will be fixed or implemented (or done as you wanted).**
### Contribute as a developer (Pt. 1: Introduction)
**Read LICENSE (AGPL-3.0) before doing anything on the project.**

If you know JavaScript and more particulary Node.js using the "discord.js" library, you can contribute to Aldebaran with actual code by submitting pull requests on GitHub. **For big features, it is recommended to ask the main developers, more specifically the maintainers.** The most important is to explain your changes, your code will be checked by one member of the Aldebaran team anyways. The more your code and pull requests are documented, the more chances you will have for your changes to get implemented into Aldebaran.
### Contribute as a developer (Pt. 2.1: Default Environment)
**In order to run this project, you need Node.js 12+ and a MySQL database.**
```
$ git clone https://github.com/Nightorn/Aldebaran.git
$ npm install
$ node app
```
If your environment file is valid (`.env` file, take example on the `.env.example` file if needed), your instance of Aldebaran should be online!
### Run Aldebaran with Docker (Pt. 2.2: Docker Environment)
In order to easily run Aldebaran with Docker, you need both [Docker](https://www.docker.com) and [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/). If you use Windows, you will need to run Docker through the Windows Subsystem for Linux using [this guide](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/windows/wsl/). If you use any other platform than Linux, you won't be able to run Aldebaran with Docker unless you use a virtual machine.

Download the `docker-compose.yml` file from the [Aldebaran GitHub repository](https://github.com/Nightorn/Aldebaran), fill the `.env` file by copying on the `.env.example` file and type `docker-compose up -d` in a command-line interface; wait a few seconds and Aldebaran should be up and running!
### Contribute as a developer (Pt. 3: Getting help)
If you need help for working on Aldebaran, just go to the main server and go to the channels that have been created for that. You should get help easily by the Aldebaran team or by other external developers of Aldebaran. Remember that no question is stupid, as long as you are sure your problem isn't about pure JavaScript, you should not be worried as we are already very happy you want to contribute to the project!
